[td-p1] improve logo.md (#120)
Redocly/developer-portal-starter: developer-portal/logo.md

# Change your logo

## Add your logo

> To display your logo in the navbar, overwrite the existing image at `./images/logo.png`.

Reviewer: It might be helpful to mention if any other image formats can be used, as this implies only PNG is supported.

Author: From the slack chat - it seems like SVG and JPEG are the other compatible formats. Is that correct?

Reviewer: SVG is supported, but I'm not 100% sure about JPG - would have to test it.

## Adjust siteConfig

> The `siteConfig.yaml` file defines the path to the header icon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `siteConfig.yaml` file defines the path to the logo.
```

We renamed it from header icon to logo a couple of months ago...

```yaml
logo: ./images/logo.png
```

You must adjust this setting if your custom logo has a different file name or path.

## Adjust logo size

To change the logo image size, you must add the `logo` object to  `./theme.ts`:

```ts
logo: {
  height: `50px`,
  margin: `10px 0`,
  maxHeight: `100%`,
  maxWidth: `120%`,
}, 
```

The `logo` object controls how the logo image scales within the navbar.
Note that modifying these options may result in distortion of the logo image.
Changing the logo image height also affects the total height of the navbar.
You can read more about [theme customization](https://redoc.ly/docs/developer-portal/theme/) in the documentation.

> ## Adjust favicon

Reviewer: You asked a good question about the favicon which, to me at least, indicates it's not super clear what favicons are and how they work in the portal. :). It might be worth adding that info here - just briefly explain where the favicon is displayed and include that it must be a PNG as @adamaltman mentioned.

Author: This might be a good place to add a screenshot (:framed_picture: is worth a 1000 words)
